adding whisper readme changes for v1 (#283)
containers/ai-lab-recipes: recipes/audio/audio_to_text/README.md

* [Interact with the AI Application](#interact-with-the-ai-application)
    * [Input audio files](#input-audio-files)

## Quickstart

To run the application with pre-built images from `quay.io/ai-lab`, use `make quadlet`. This command

> builds the application's metadata and generates Kubernetes YAML at `./build/chatbot.yaml` to spin up a Pod that can then be launched locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
builds the application's metadata and generates Kubernetes YAML at `./build/audio-to-text.yaml` to spin up a Pod that can then be launched locally.
```
